# fixation-generator

=========================================

File & folder Descriptions:


1.raw_data: All the raw data generated by the eye-tracker application are stored here. Each participant has a unique folder. Inside the folder are six files(each corresponding to a bug) and a CSV containing information about how they responded to the survey. These are the input data.

2.java_info: Contains information about the bugs.Whether they are correctly implemented or not. The number of lines for the corresponding test class...

3.fixation_generator: This code runs through all the bugs for a particular participant and creates one file named 'participantnumber_fixations' inside the 'final_data' folder.

4.merge_fixations: This code runs through all the fixations created in the previous step inside the 'final_data' folder and generates one final file(it contains the data for all participants) named 'all_fixations' .

5.all_fixations: the final file that includes all the fixations details of the participants.This is the final output.

=========================================

Inputs:


Each user task contains the following information:


1.fixation_id: a unique id for the fixation 

2.fixation_start_event_time: the start time for the fixation

3.fixation_order_number: the order number for the fixation

4.x,y: the coordinates of the gaze

5.fixation_target: the name of the file that the user was looking at

6.source_file_line: which line inside the file the user was looking at

7.source_file_col: which column inside the file was the user looking at

8.duration: the duration of the fixation


=========================================

Outputs:


1.participant_id: the participant id

2.task_number: which task number it belongs to(1-6)

3.bug_number: what is the main bug number for this task

4.AOI: Which AOI are we referring to? (area of interest).

5.fixation_count: number of fixations for that specific AOI

6.fixation_rate: the rate of the fixations for this AOI over all fixations in this task.

7.total_fixation_time: total elapsed time for this specific AOI in this task.

8.avg_fixation_time: what is the average fixation time

9.first_fixation: when was this specific AOI first fixated on

10.is_accepted: was the bug correction accepted by the user?

11.is_correct: was the correction in fact and in reality implemented correctly?

